Look, I'm not paying 70 [burps] smidgens
for a [burps] broken defraculator.
That is multiphase quantum resonator.
-Well does it defraculate?
-Fuck no.
Then it's a broken defraculator.
Like you would even know dick
about fraculation.
[shop owner] Your planet just got
cell phones and the coverage still sucks.
[Rick] Yeah and your species eats sulfur.
So, let's say 60 smidgens
and I'll tell you what,
I'll do you a favor: I'll throw in a fart.
Hey, Rick, you think maybe
I could get something from this place?
Like a souvenir? Like just to have,
like something cool, you know?
Not here, Morty,
we'll stop somewhere else,
because, you know, there's always
another pawn shop.
Oh, okay, I just...
you know, I thought that robot
over there looked pretty cool, you know.
Oh, it "looks cool", huh?
That's why you want it?
Yeah, you know, I mean, it's different
from the stuff on Earth,
and, you know, you take me to
all these crazy places across the galaxy
and, you know, I don't really have
anything to remember all those trips by.
It'd be kind of cool,
like a souvenir, you know?
Like what if you passed away
or died or something?
I wouldn't even have anything
to remember all the cool stuff we did.
OK. [burps] Sixty for the resonator
and my grandson wants the sex robot.
[Rick and Morty main theme]
[squeaky bed spring sounds]
So we're just going to pretend
this isn't happening?
I'm not saying that's a bad idea,
just asking.
Rick, why would you let Morty bring
that thing into our house?
What do you want from me? He thought
it looked cool. You know what I mean?
Alright, back upstairs.
[door slams]
[squeaky bed sounds]
Well, I'm intervening.
Intervening with puberty?
You'll turn him into Ralph Fiennes
in Red Dragon.
He's at that age,
let's just be proud of him.
Jesus, did I really
set the bar that low?
Rick! Could you come
with me please? Quickly!
Okay, now if we hear squeaking,
we intervene.
Where's the sex robot, Morty?
That is Gwendolyn, I mean the robot.
She started beeping and then transformed
and tried to fly away.
Strange, that's usually
the man's job.
You know what I'm talking about, Morty?
[gibberish]
[laughs]
Morty, that's my catch phrase, remember?
Remember
how I cemented that catch phrase?
Alright, alright, seriously though,
let me grab this thing.
Come on, you, rascal.
-Okay, unacceptable.
-What is going on?
-Alright. Uh oh.
-"Uh oh"? What is that?
I think Morty's robot was designed
for more than long weekends.
Genetic compiler, incubation chamber...
Yep, this here's some kind of baby maker.
And that there's half Morty,
half [burps] who-knows-what.
It's my bad, guys,
I'll take care of it.
-Grandpa Rick, no!
-Dad, what do you think you're doing?
Listen, you guys quarantined the house
when Summer
brought olives back from Mexico.
I mean this thing could grow
to the size of Delaware.
I mean, it might eat brains
and exhale space AIDS.
We gotta be careful.
I lost the chance to be careful, Rick.
I'm a father now.
You know.
It's time for me to be responsible.
-Isn't that right, Morty Junior?
-Don't name it. Crap, he named it.
Well, dad, it's a living thing.
And it's half-human.
And it was born on American soil,
which entitles it--
Jerry, majoring in civics was your
mistake, don't punish us for it.
[sighs]
Fine, I'm gonna take
this thing to my workshop
and do a little bit of investigating.
Do not let that thing
out of your sight.
It looks harmless now, but it could grow
into something dangerous.
Like the Insane Clown Posse.
Yeah, good one, Jerry, 2003 just called,
it wants its easy target back.
He's like a little me.
You don't think he'll turn
into a monster, do you?
They always do.
Hey, 1995 called,
they want their "certain year called
wanting its blank back" formula back!
Why, Jerry?
Why expend the effort?
Life is effort
and I'll stop when I die!
-Out.
-What are you doing?
Well, I can't solve the problem my way,
thanks to your family's
primitive biological hang-ups.
Gross, I might've just touched
one of Morty's loads.
But maybe I can find suitable parents for
Morty Junior on this robot's home world,
which is... Gazorpazorp
in the Andromeda system. Scoot, Summer.
Don't you need a new companion
now that Morty's in the family way?
I don't do adventures
with chicks, Summer.
Oh, right! Because there's
something about having a wiener
that would make me better
at walking through a hole? [screams]
Oh, crap.
Grandpa Rick.
Help!
[Summer screams]
-Grandpa Rick!
-Still think it's a good idea
to go through holes without a wiener?
-I want to go home!
-Yeah, no duh.
[gasps]
Great. Now I have to take over
a whole planet
because of your stupid boobs.
-You're doing great, Morty.
-Really? You think?
I mean I'm not doing much of anything.
What do I do if it cries?
Then you put it down
and let it cry itself out.
Yeah, right.
We tried that technique on Summer
and she's gonna end up stripping.
Isn't she?
Yes she is.
She's gonna strip for attention
because she was denied it!
[baby cries]
Stop filling it with your own insecurity,
you're gonna turn it into Mort--
More of you.
Well we can't all be raised
like reptiles by a mentally ill scientist!
What the--?
[screams]
Listen to me.
I am not rewarding this behavior.
Knock it off, both of you!
Give me him, give me my baby.
You're both nuts!
I'm gonna raise Morty Junior myself!
♪ Where's your hands?
There's your hands! ♪
♪ And that's how we play handy hands! ♪
-You are going to ruin that kid, Morty.
-At least we can agree on that.
Thanks, Dumb-dumb.
I said thanks, Dumb-dumb.
Go get more.
-Summer, put your burka on.
-That burka is a human rights violation
and I spent a lot on this top.
Look, I'm trying to repair a portal gun
with a bunch of sex doll parts
and I have to do it one-handed to keep
these Belushis from carting you off.
The least you could do
is be ashamed of your gender.
What's the deal with this place?
Why is it such a sausage planet?
And how did
such backward idiots invent robots?
Obviously, at some point, the Gazorpians
became so evolved that they replaced
females with birthing machines.
The resultant lack
of distraction and henpecking
allowed them to focus entirely on war,
so they bombed themselves
back to the stone age
and now they just fight with each other
over fake pussy
with sticks and rocks all day long.
You think it's efficient
to get rid of women?
You ever see a line for the men's room?
Do you hear me, Summer?
[robotic voice] Dropping loads!
[giant head] Dropping loads!
The [burps] plot [burps] thickens.
You might want
to cover your eyes, Summer.
Yeah, like it was my dream to watch.
[giant head] Yeah, baby.
Summer, grab hold.
Grandpa Rick, where are we going?
Well obviously, Summer, it appears
the lower tier of this society
is being manipulated through sex
and advanced technology
by a hidden ruling class.
Sound familiar?
Ticketmaster.
Oh. There we go, Summer.
Hey, brother.
Hey, bro.
Nice racket you got going on here.
Listen, I'm Rick Sanchez from Earth,
dimension C-137.
Don't mean you any harm.
Coming in peace.
It's all cool, good in the neighborhood.
Is what I meant.
Oh, I get it.
The old "behind every great man"
Amazon twist.
Silence!
[chokes and coughs]
-Your slave is ill-mannered.
-My slave?
We assume you are
from a more primitive world,
where men are still permitted
to be servants?
If he is a rogue male,
tell us now and we will kill him.
He's my slave! He's my slave.
He's definitely my slave.
[coughs]
Oh, boy,
what's the opposite of... [gibberish]
Am I right, ladies and gentlemen?
[burps] You guys kidding me?
[Morty] Oh, Morty Jr.
You're gonna be
a special little guy, aren't you?
Yeah, you're my special little guy.
[laughs]
-Da!
-What was that, Morty Jr.?
Were you going to say "da-da"?
Say "da-da."
Death!
-Da-da.
-Domination.
Da-da?
Destruction.
Domination.
[clears throat] Nice.
[female voice over PA system]
The spider in Sector C is still alive.
Plan your route accordingly
and expect delays.
We're not telling you what to do,
we're just sharing how we feel.
And now weather.
Is anyone else cold or is it just me?
I am Mar-Sha, ruler of Gazorpazorp.
-I am here if you need to talk.
-What is this place?
Paradise. We built it
during the Great Passive Aggression,
when the females
separated from the males
due to their increasingly
destructive behavior.
-I am here if you need to talk.
From here, we dispense mechanical
surrogates to maintain our population.
Fertilized surrogates
are returned here to our nursery.
The females are placed
into educational programs,
where they can discover a service
to our paradise that fulfills them most.
The males...
they get to play outside.
That was just a baby.
And within a day he'll be
an adult male Gazorpian,
one of the most aggressively violent
creatures in the universe.
Wait a minute.
We're here because a male Gazorpian
was born on our planet.
You speak
when you're spoken to, ding-a-ling!
It's true, though,
one of your babies was born on Earth.
Are you the ruler of this Earth?
-How did you know?
-The quality of your top.
-Do you love it?
-I love it.
-I am here if you need to talk.
If the Gazorpian is male,
your Earth is in grave danger.
We will give you passage back home
so it can be terminated.
But first, mojitos.
-We don't have time for mojitos.
-You are insulting them.
I don't care, Summer, this place
is the worst, I want to go home!
Well, it really doesn't matter
what you want,
because this is a sane place
where women rule!
Yeah? You know
what I have to say about that?
[fart]
I cannot believe my ears.
Oh, boy.
Who let the frogs out, huh?
Grandpa!
-Grandpa?
-That sounds patriarchal.
It means "father of fathers."
Then this one is not your slave
and your Earth is yet another
planet dominated by men!
It's not dominated by us, okay?
On Earth, men and women are equals.
Equals? We make 70 percent
of your salary for the same job.
Seize them!
[choking sounds]
Was this really the time
to make that point, Summer?
This is for you, daddy!
Oh, man.
Okay, listen to me, Morty Jr.,
I gotta tell you
something very important, okay?
Killing is bad.
Bad.
[laughs] You're a silly daddy!
No, Morty Jr.,
I'm being serious, okay?
You need to put your energy
into something else.
I mean, what about dancing?
Would you like to learn how to dance?
I would like to dance.
On the graves of my enemies.
[whines] No, Morty Jr.
-Daddy? Can I go outside?
-No. Absolutely not.
But that's where all the people
and the animals are.
Yeah, but you can't go
out there, because...
the air is poisonous!
For you. You will die instantly
if you ever leave this house.
-You hear me?
-For real?
For real times a million, buddy.
So let's just stay inside
and, you know, let's try dancing!
Right? Look at me.
Yay! Look, we're gonna dance. Come on,
dance with me here. We love to dance!
Why do we love to dance?
Because I said so!
[cries]
-Nice.
So, what are you in for?
Because, I got a big, you know,
penis between my legs.
What are you in for?
The worst crime
a female can commit.
Veronica Ann Bennet,
I find you guilty of having bad bangs.
You ever notice the ones
with bad bangs always have three names?
You are hereby sentenced
to the silent treatment.
-This is gonna be cake.
-No! Jackie!
Rick and Summer of Earth,
for the crimes of treason
against womankind
and for creating the sound of which
we do not speak,
because it does not exist,
-you are hereby sentenced to--
-What, a night on the couch?
-Death.
-Oh, gerp.
I hate you so much right now.
This will be the first instance
of capital punishment
in our society in 500 years,
due to our awesomeness,
so we are forced to improvise.
We placed a large boulder on that ledge--
Holy shit, you're gonna crush us
with a boulder?
No!
Stop interrupting.
The boulder falls onto a lever,
that will launch knives.
What?
Just give me a gun, I'll kill myself!
Stop interrupting.
The knives will...
Fine, you were right the first time, okay?
The boulder crushes you.
I just didn't want to admit
you were right, happy?
-No, just ignore them, ignore them.
-Such an asshole.
Look, I'm sorry, Summer. I feel bad
that I let you drag us into this.
I wish I could've been
a better grandpa to you,
and, you know, for what it's worth,
that is a really nice cute top
that you're wearing there.
Top.
My top! My top!
The same top you complimented earlier.
Look! Look at the tag! Read it!
It says: "Marc Jacobs."
Marc, Jacob,
these are names of the penis.
Yes.
An Earth man made this top.
Maybe on your planet, separation
of the genders is the right thing to do,
but on Earth a certain percentage
of our males are born gay,
which is why my clothes
are better than all of yours.
[hushed voices]
It's true. And sometimes
the truth hurts, but it must be accepted.
Like if I told you that you're using
the wrong color foundation for your skin
and it ends at your neck,
making you look like a party clown.
Okay, ouch, noted.
But the fact remains, if you impose
Gazorpazorp's laws on Earth,
you're no better than the men
whose farts shall remain unspoken.
And if you think my top is cute,
you cannot execute.
Very well.
Give the Earth people a spacecraft
so they may head back
to their weird planet
where women
are kind of equal, but not really.
Good job, Summer.
And thanks, girls. You know, you girls
are really something, I'll tell you that.
You know, [burps]
when we first got here I was--
Give them a ship now.
Morty Jr.!
Smoking?
That is not okay!
What are you gonna do, ground me?
I can't go outside anyway!
So what?
You could do things inside,
You could play guitar,
you could masturbate.
I don't want to masturbate,
I want to conquer the planet!
Oh, here we go again.
You know, who do you think is gonna love
you if you conquer the planet, Morty Jr.?
Love, that's all you care about!
What about weapons?
What about domination of the enemy?
Alright, that's it,
no more History Channel!
This TV is for cartoons
and video games only!
-I hate video games.
-You take that back!
Give it to me!
I didn't mean that.
I didn't mean to do that, I'm sorry.
I can't take this anymore.
I'd rather breathe poison
than live another minute with you!
No.
Stop!
My life has been a lie!
God is dead! The government's lame!
Thanksgiving is about killing Indians!
Jesus wasn't born on Christmas, they
moved the date, it was a pagan holiday!
-Oh, dad!
-Yes, Morty?
My son is gonna take over the planet
and I am too young to drive,
can you help me get him back?
[Jerry clears throat]
I suppose, Morty, I suppose.
But first, a deep sip
from a very tall glass of "I told you so."
[gulping sounds]
Oh, my god, dad, come on!
[rock music]
[roars]
Kill!
[tires screeching]
[screams]
Dad, there he is!
Oh, God, hey, stop that! [horn]
Oh, my god, dad!
Morty Jr., no!
It's me. It's dad.
It's okay.
Put the car down, Morty Jr.
No!
No, where's your hands?
My car!
And that's how we play handy hands
-Out of the way, Morty.
-No.
Morty, that's one of the most violently
aggressive creatures in the universe.
He's my son and if you hurt him,
you'll have to kill me, Rick.
[melancholic music]
Dad, I'm so confused.
I know, Morty Junior.
I'm sorry.
I ended up lying to you and yelling
at you just like my parents did to me.
You know, parents
are just kids having kids.
One minute
you like how a shiny robot looks,
the next minute you're in a fist fight
with your alien son.
I'm an alien?
We all have bad impulses,
bad thoughts,
we just have to learn to channel them
into something constructive.
But I want
to murder everyone I see.
You know, I mean, maybe there's a job
out there for people that feel that way.
Actually, there is.
Hi, I'm Brad Anderson,
creator of the nationally
syndicated comic strip Marmaduke.
You should consider being a creative.
I'm haunted by uncontrollable thoughts
of mutilation and sexual assault
on a near daily basis,
but, you know,
I channel it all into my work.
Wow.
I never got that impression
from reading Marmaduke.
Well did you get the impression
I was trying to make you laugh?
Tell me that wasn't Brad Anderson.
See, you hear that, Morty Junior?
Maybe you could try
being a creative of some kind.
Maybe. I always have sort of wanted
to see my face on the back of a novel.
I mean, what I really want to do
is slit people's throats,
-but beyond that.
-I know you can do it, son.
I think it's time
I get a place of my own.
I promise I'll call you every day I need
money or a place to do laundry.
So I assume this novel your son writes
is gonna pay for my rear axle?
Isn't it interesting, Summer,
that after all that stuff we just did,
nothing really mattered
and there was no point to it?
It kind of makes you wonder, huh?
About nothing.
Are you sure
it doesn't make you reevaluate
your policy about taking
girls on adventures?
No. I'd say given what we've been through,
that I was right the whole time
and any epiphanies about gender politics
were a projection
of your feminine insecurity.
But hey,
why don't you have a pink spaceship,
go ride around and have a jolly old time?
Maybe that'll shut you up.
Dad? Summer?
Where were you guys this whole time?
-On Gazorpazorp, where were you?
-I was reading a newspaper.
Oh, that's interesting, Beth,
you know, it's funny,
I heard about a little bit of news myself.
Take a look. Take a listen.
[fart]
[gibberish]
[burps]
This world's still got a chance!
Yeah!
See you guys next week!
See everybody next week.
[Rick and Morty main theme]
Mortimer Smith Junior,
New York Times bestselling author.
Your book is about innocence,
the definition of it
and inevitably, its impossibility.
Is it autobiographical?
Certainly, I mean, all writing is,
in my opinion, but my...
my father kept me locked in the house
until I was a teenager.
And there was violence and threats
of poison gas, but also dancing.
But you persevered and created
this masterpiece from your suffering,
Smith Junior's mind-bending novel
My Horrible Father in every store
[TV] and on everyone's mind, pick it up.
We'll be right back.
It's a thankless job, Morty.
You did the best you could.
I hope he's eating enough.